Subtitles by DramaFever
[Cross]
[The characters, groups, places and
situations in this drama are fictional.]
If you hadn't brought the child,
I wouldn't have let you off easily.
Do a good job.
He's usually really prickly,
yet he's really good to his patients.
Like someone else I know.
That bastard Kang In Kyu didn't
go to that prison for no reason.
Our boss is in danger right now.
Don't take it any further,
and don't get involved in it.
I have to catch him.
If I don't, there will always be
more victims like my dad.
It will put you in danger too.
Don't you think the center chief
has been strange lately?
Kang Dae Soo?
That's the bastard I killed.
[Son: Kang In Kyu]
"Son, Kang..." Kang In Kyu?
This is Doctor Kang In Kyu,
he came from a university hospital.
It's true that your parents are having
a hard time because of you.
But if something bad happens to you,
they'll have an even harder time.
Can't you visit her
yourself and help her?
The patient or guardian
must come here in person
or if you talk to the doctor
in charge, they'll give us a call.
[Episode 6]
[Son]
This is Kang In Kyu.
Doctor Kang.
What brings you
to the social welfare center?
Oh, I wanted to ask
about medical fee support.
Medical fee support?
Ji Young is really stressed
about her medical fees.
She's worried that her parents
are suffering because of her.
Really?
It's better to not know about
such things when you're little.
Do you happen to know how I can help her?
I was actually concerned
since her mother is worried
about the medical expenses.
Um, Patient Yoon Ji Young is
in Ward 11, Room 2, right?
- Yes.
- Register her for medical fee support
with my name and check if there are
other support programs for her, please.
So that she can continue
to receive support.
Sure.
What is this?
[Son]
Why is Doctor Kang saved
as "Son" on your phone?
Sit down. I'll explain everything.
Is he really your son?
Dad, did you have another woman?
Is that why you divorced Mom?
- It wasn't like that.
- Then what is it?
After you and your mom left
I adopted him, as a foster father.
What did you say?
He was taking care of his sick
little sister, without any parents.
I adopted them because they would've
died if I had just left them alone.
Dad, are you in your right mind?
Don't you know how
Mom and I felt when we left?
I know.
Then how could you adopt another child?
Did you pity him, but not us?
I was sick too.
I was so sick, I could've died.
But what did you say to me?
You told me to go
to the hospital and get surgery!
I'm sorry.
I didn't know you were
that sick at the time.
I'm sure you didn't, since your family
always came after everything else.
You know about your patient's
illnesses, but not your family's.
Back then, what I needed...
wasn't a doctor, it was you, Dad.
I needed my dad, who gave me strength...
just by being by my side.
Come in, so you don't regret it.
I came here to see you.
I thought this was
the only way I could see you.
Doctor Kang In Kyu.
You're thankful, aren't you?
Thank you.
Then buy me a coffee.
At that cafe over there.
I just want an Americano.
What about you, Doctor Kang?
I'll have the same, please.
I want this too.
Please put it on the same bill.
It's sweet.
- Try some. It's delicious.
- I'm fine.
It's really good though.
Yeon Hee.
Oh, Joo Hyuk.
I didn't expect to see you two together.
What brings you
to our hospital at this hour?
Joo Hyuk, you know
about it too, don't you?
Doctor Kang found an emergency
patient on the streets yesterday.
That patient is hospitalized
in Ward 11 right now.
I know.
I waited for two hours thanks to him.
Gosh, don't be like that, Joo Hyuk.
The patients are safe and sound
thanks to Doctor Kang.
That's just the outcome.
If he doesn't follow basic rules,
the outcome won't be good every time.
I apologize for that.
I'll be going now.
Oh, already?
[Son]
- Did you call?
- Yes.
Have you decided?
Regarding what?
Didn't you call me to talk about
my offer to work under me?
- No.
- Then?
I called you by accident.
I wasn't kidding.
If you don't come out on your own,
I'll force you out of there.
How do you know the center chief?
I just happen to know him.
He was taking care of his sick
little sister, without any parents.
I adopted them because they
would've died if I had left them alone.
My one and only little sister...
was a brain-dead organ donor
when she passed away.
Without my consent, and just
the consent of my foster father.
Could Dad have done that?
4713.
It's time for your meds.
Wider.
Okay.
[Conventional Treatments
for Chronic Renal Failure]
If he takes the medicine
for a few more days
his liver and kidney functions will
be damaged, causing complications.
If he also has mental fog
and hepatic encephalopathy
it's highly likely
that he won't recognize me.
Line up!
Move!
Good going!
Hyung Bum.
Come with me.
Come in here. Come in.
Come in. Hurry. Hurry.
Geez, I won't take it from you.
Let me see.
Is it good?
Don't your parents deposit
spending money for you?
My dad withdrew my money because of
my diabetes and high blood pressure
to stop me from snacking.
Your dad must be pretty powerful
if he can withdraw your money.
I... I didn't mean that he withdrew it.
I meant that he didn't deposit
it in the first place. I said it wrong.
Sung Ho, if you have diabetes
and high blood pressure
- you must take a lot of medicine.
- I do.
I take seven pills, three times a day.
4817.
Let's make a deal.
A... a deal? What kind of deal?
I'll pay you 1000 won per pill.
If you give me 30 pills, let me think...
What the heck. I'll give you 50,000 won.
- That's awesome.
- Isn't it?
But since I can't give it to you in cash,
I'll buy you everything you want.
Re... really?
Were you tricked all your life?
Eat.
What's this?
I made it for you
during job preparation class.
So we can share a celebratory drink
when I'm released next month.
Are you still talking about drinking?
Is it okay for you to bring such
things to me without permission?
No.
Leave it.
Your glucose levels have gone up.
Your blood pressure did too.
Are you eating something else these days?
No... no.
Then why is it so high today?
The thing is, I think I should
increase my daily pill intake.
Why?
Well, I've been getting
headaches these days
and if I stand up
all of a sudden, I feel dizzy...
It's gotten colder these days.
You know you should pay more
attention to your blood pressure, right?
Yes.
If you miss taking your medicine again,
you'll pass out like last time.
Take this when you break out
in a cold sweat or feel dizzy, okay?
Thank you.
Nurse.
- Yes?
- Is something the matter?
Why? Does it seem that way?
You've been really quiet,
and you haven't been smiling either.
Smile. You look prettier that way.
How can I smile all the time?
It's not like I made a mistake.
You can drink water starting today.
Would you like some?
Yeah.
I can't give you a lot though.
Just think of it as a refreshment.
It looks like you cried.
Your eyes are swollen.
- Is it obvious?
- Really obvious.
The truth is, I fought with my dad.
Why?
Because he only treats other people well.
To him, other people
always come before me.
Especially if they're his patients.
- You're like that too though.
- I am?
Do you treat your dad
the way you treat me?
Well, I can't treat him
exactly the same, but...
Then why all the fuss?
Grandpa, you have no idea.
About what happened to me yesterday.
Why wouldn't I know?
I'm sure you fought about
not understanding each other.
How did you know that?
What else would
family members have to fight about?
You might not know it...
but reality is worse than that.
You wench! I hate you!
How dare you? How dare you? How dare you?
Don't fight with your dad.
There are some people
who can't even see
their daughter's face in person.
Like me.
- Are you taking your medicine?
- Yeah. Why?
The medication should
either alleviate the symptoms
or slow down its progression.
But it's not working for you.
Is your eyesight really bad?
It has gotten much worse than before.
Does it get in the way of your surgeries?
I told you to get yourself
checked up earlier.
What is this, when you're in your prime?
I finally have an idea
of what it means to be a doctor...
Do I have to quit now?
As of right now, it's just blurry vision
but who knows
when the paralysis will come?
Ji In.
Are you still mad at me?
It's not something I can get over easily.
Okay. I understand how I feel.
But please don't stay mad for too long.
Let me ask you one question.
Did you use your rights
as a foster parent
to donate Doctor Kang's sister's organs?
Yeah.
I really can't understand you, Dad.
I mean, don't you know how
much that hurts the family?
I know.
But if I had to do it
all over again, I'd...
make the same decision.
- Dad.
- That's how both sides can live.
Both the donor and recipient.
[Obituary Notice]
"This is to notify you of Kang Dae Soo's
sudden and accidental death."
"February 13th, 2018
at Palmunsan Funeral Hall."
Palmunsan...
Kang Dae Soo...
[Son: Kang In Kyu]
"Son, Kang..."
4713. It's time for your treatment.
Aren't you coming out?
Prisoner 4713 is here for his treatment.
Okay, he may come in.
Have a seat.
Let me take a look.
Has the itchiness gotten better?
Thanks to you.
What about vomiting or nausea?
It has gotten a lot better,
just like you said.
The frequency has decreased too.
That's good.
But...
everything else is fine...
but the swelling hasn't gone down.
Bring my dad back!
Why didn't I realize it earlier?
You haven't changed one bit!
You grew up a lot.
Has it been 15 years now?
I thought of this moment
every single day since then.
I got tricked, huh.
I trusted you, not knowing
that you're my enemy.
I bet you couldn't have
imagined that we'd meet like this.
But what will you do now?
You've been caught.
I don't care. Your body is
so damaged, you could die tomorrow
because of my prescriptions.
You'll have no choice
but to come looking for me.
You'll either beg me
to save you, or to kill you.
Then I better tell everyone
that a doctor is here to kill a man.
If I leave this place,
you'll die within a month.
Because I'm the only one
who knows how to treat your illness.
There's something I know too.
Something you don't know about your dad.
Your dad came to tell me that he
needed money for his two kids.
He said that he didn't even have
money for his daughter's surgery
but that his son had asked for sneakers.
But do you know what's funny?
Your dad, who came to me
with his own two feet...
begged at my feet.
He asked me to save him.
He even got on his knees.
Isn't that hilarious?
Shut up, you son of a bitch!
- Hey!
What was that?
What's going on?
Doctor Kang, calm down!
Save me. Save me, please!
- Save me, Doctor!
- Doctor, you mustn't do this.
Let go!
That's what your dad said,
he begged the way I did just now.
Doctor! Doctor!
Doctor!
I wonder what pushed our
Doctor Kang to use violence.
It's somewhat understandable...
but you mustn't use violence.
We have to hold back,
no matter how much they provoke us.
I apologize.
Things like this happen occasionally.
After they start
the fight by using violence
they report the prison officer.
It wouldn't just be
a problem for you then.
It would affect us all.
Including our chief, whose retirement
is just around the corner.
I'll be more careful.
I don't want to start a fire
in my latter years...
so please be careful.
Yes, Sir.
Your dad came to tell me
that he needed money for his two kids.
He said that he didn't even have
money for his daughter's surgery
but that his son had asked for sneakers.
Oh, let me see that one.
Look, In Kyu. Try this one on.
Here.
What is it? Don't you like it?
I'll buy you that one next time.
You always say that
you'll buy it for me next time.
Next time. Okay?
Here, try this on.
Here.
Geez, it fits perfectly.
Okay, let's try the other foot.
Wow.
I can really donate my kidney
to my daughter
without any problems, right?
Oh, okay. I got it.
Bye.
[We buy kidneys.]
- Dad!
- Do you like it?
Wow.
You punk.
Wa... wait.
Did it hurt?
[True Correction, Bright Future]
It's true. Doctor Kang took Prisoner 4713
and did this, this,
and tried to hit him like this.
I'm sure he had his reasons.
Do you think Doctor Kang
would've done that for no reason?
- He's not like the chief.
- Gosh, it's true though.
- Are you heading home?
- Yes, I'll be heading out first.
Get home safely.
I'm telling you, it's true.
Okay, you're all set.
Thank you for your hard work.
[VIU Ver] tvN E06 Cross
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
Get in.
Here, have a drink.
When are you going
to get out of there?
- I'm not going to.
- Are you really
going to kill Kim Hyung Bum?
Let's drink separately.
There's no need for formalities.
I never taught you
how to drink properly, did I?
Today...
Kim Hyung Bum told me
about my father's last words.
That's why I'm telling you
to get out of there.
If you stay close to him,
you're the only one who will suffer.
I hate Kim Hyung Bum
for killing my father...
but today, I hate myself even more.
I often hate myself too.
Do you know why?
It's usually when I can't
live the way I want to live.
Think about it. Why did you
want to become a doctor?
You made that decision
on your own. To cure In Joo...
and to help people in need.
Not to get revenge for your father.
My daughter...
came back from America.
Who's this girl?
My daughter.
Your daughter?
Why don't you live together then?
They went far away,
because I made too many mistakes.
To America.
I came to tell you that.
I missed the right time to tell you.
- That's good.
- You know her too.
It's Coordinator Go Ji In,
from our hospital.
What's your relationship
with the center chief?
You're not just acquaintances, are you?
Set aside some time for us
this weekend. Let's have dinner together.
There's no reason for me to be there.
Do you kids hate me that much?
It's harder than any riddle.
To win over my kids' hearts.
You, and Ji In too.
Treat her well to make up for lost time.
Your daughter, I mean.
I'll get going first.
[Morality]
Here it is, right here.
Doctor Kang's name is right here.
"Kang In Kyu."
It wasn't an easy surgery, huh.
Did Doctor Kang really do this?
One of our prisoners
even saved Congressman Noh's life.
This is all thanks to Doctor Kang.
If he hadn't saved Prisoner
Baek Gyu Sang's daughter
none of this would've been possible.
You're right.
You said that he's getting
discharged today, right?
- Oh, yes.
- Chief.
Shall we hold a small staff dinner?
What do you mean, "small?"
Let's make it grand.
Great. I'll decide on a date.
The medical staff must attend as well.
Since this is for Doctor Kang.
Sure. I'll keep that night free.
Great.
"Shingwang Prison."
Is my name mentioned anywhere?
Baek Sung Ho.
- Ye... yes?
- Be honest.
Ab... about what?
You've been snacking in addition
to your meals, haven't you?
No... no. I... I haven't been.
- How much money do you have?
- I don't have any, really.
I can find out with just one phone call.
- I really don't have any.
- Then why are your levels so high?
Is it because I've been
eating bigger portions?
Don't you know why I'm here?
- I... I do.
- Then what is this?
It's gotten worse!
I'm... I'm sorry, Dad.
I'll examine you again tomorrow...
If the levels aren't any lower...
you'll be in big trouble.
Okay.
Go.
What if I start missing you, Grandpa?
Visit me at the prison. Bring me
some food while you're at it.
What would you like to eat?
I'm kidding.
I'd be thankful if you just visited me.
Let's go.
Can't I see her face before I go?
- I can't allow that.
- I can just drop by on my way out.
I said, you can't.
I wish I could see her,
even if it's from far away.
I need to see her
to feel a little more at ease.
Wait.
I forgot one of the forms.
I'll just be a minute.
Wait!
I need to talk to you.
Is Baek Gyu Sang really leaving
without seeing his daughter?
- It's regulation.
- Why?
The regulation is the same, whether
he's inside or outside the prison.
It's possible for someone
to visit the prisoner
but the prisoner can't visit
anyone himself. That's the rule.
But does that mean we should
make him leave, when she's so close?
Why are you trying so hard?
That prisoner has nothing to do with you.
Because I know how he feels.
I know how unbearable
it is to miss someone.
- Let's go.
- Sure.
Doctor Kang!
The front gate is this way.
Oh, I asked that the car
be brought to the back door.
Oh, really?
What are you waiting for?
We're coming.
Where are the meds?
You collected a lot.
Good job.
Is it that good?
Here, have another one.
Slow down, or you'll
get an upset stomach.
Doctor Kang.
Thank you.
Doctor Kang, you're a good doctor.
What, what is it?
What's wrong with this bastard?
My stomach hurts.
Hey, here. Eat another one.
Oh geez.
Where are the prison guards?
Prison Guard! Prison Guard!
What's going on? What happened?
Hey, 4817! 4817!
This is an emergency!
Stop right there.
I'll take a look at him.
What's going on? What happened?
They said that he
suddenly collapsed on the field.
- Let's wheel him inside.
- Okay.
- What's going on?
- I don't know either.
Get your hands off of him!
I'll do it.
Move!
Chief, you're too worked up
to make a proper diagnosis!
Let go of me!
Chief.
Chief, calm down!
Chief! His pulse is weak.
Chief! I'll do it!
Please wait outside.
But I...
- Please check his blood sugar.
- Sure.
His blood sugar level is way too high.
His glucose is at 500.
Please inject him with 1 liter
of normal saline and 10 units of insulin.
Sure.
Wh... what are you doing?
What's wrong?
It smells like fruit.
I think it's DKA.
(Diabetic ketoacidosis, can be fatal.)
He... hey, call the ambulance...
- They're on standby.
- Transfer him right away!
- Hurry!
- Yes, Sir.
Hang in there for just
a bit longer, Sung Ho.
Just a bit longer.
Are you sure you didn't do anything?
Geez, I'm about to lose my mind here.
Look at me. I don't
have anything with me.
And that fat bastard,
4817 didn't have any injuries.
Look. I'm the one
who's about to die here.
Then why did a guy
collapse all of a sudden?
How would I know that? He started
choking all of a sudden, and then...
Doesn't he have high
blood pressure? Let him die!
Geez, seriously.
Break's over!
Go inside for now.
I'm sure we'll find out once they return.
Geez, seriously.
- Can I go to the infirmary?
- Why?
I might die before that bastard does.
The infirmary is empty right now.
Go.
Damn it.
Call a doctor of internal medicine!
He's 21 years old with a blood pressure
of 80/60 and a heart rate of 140.
He has a history of Type 1 Diabetes,
with a high blood sugar level.
Considering how his mouth smells
like fruit, he's suspected to have DKA.
If he has Type 1 Diabetes,
it's probably DKA.
But why did the DKA
occur all of a sudden?
I don't know.
Did he have a fever or an infection?
- No.
- Or did he stop taking his medicine...
No.
Do you know what medications he takes?
Are you an internal medicine doctor?
- I'm not.
- Call one over, right now!
Please call N.S. as well.
Why do we need to call neurosurgery?
His brain could have
been damaged when he fell.
What are you talking about?
Don't you see his vitals?
We don't have time.
We have to treat his DKA first!
I told you to call a doctor
of internal medicine!
We still need to take
a CT scan of his brain!
I'm his guardian.
I know him best!
How is he?
He has DKA, just as you predicted.
Since we started him on acidosis,
he'll get better soon enough.
Lord, please save him...
Prison Guard! Prison Guard!
Hey! Hey!
4713! 4713!
Where are you?
What the heck? What's wrong with him?
What's wrong with him?
What do we do? Our doctors
are out, and so is our ambulance car.
- Did you call 911?
- Yes.
I...
- We need to move him to a big hospital.
- Okay.
Please bring him a blanket so we
can maintain his temperature.
- Okay.
- Please bring the stretcher.
Excuse me.
Yes?
Are you sure he's
getting the right treatment?
What was the order?
He's getting 1 liter
of normal saline per hour
and a mixture of 100 cc of normal
saline and 100 units of insulin
in 10 cc increments per hour.
His blood sugar's checked every hour, his
electrolytes are checked every four hours
and the goal is to get his
blood sugar down to 150/250.
He's currently on acidosis treatment.
Then why do his vitals keep
getting worse? He's not waking up either.
Why do we need to call neurosurgery?
His brain could have
been damaged when he fell.
What are you saying? Don't you
see his vitals? We don't have time.
- We need to treat his DKA first!
- We should still take a brain CT!
I'm his guardian.
I know him best!
Neurosurgery.
Hurry and call neurosurgery!
- Take a non-enhanced CT! Hurry!
- Sure, I'll do that.
Nurse Nam! Bring the ambu bag!
Let's move him!
Move! This is an emergency!
[February 13th, 2018
Palmunsan Funeral Hall, Son: Kang In Kyu]
[Cross]
What are you saying? What do
you mean, there was a car accident?
Where's Prisoner Kim Hyung Bum?
Is he really not here?
Why? So you can come catch me?
Get over here!
Getting revenge for my father
isn't my only objective.
This hospital is connected
to my father's death.
Ji In, you'll be my daughter,
no matter where you are.
Son, I love you so much.
Why did you leave so early?
- Where can I find you?
- There's no need for that.
I'll come catch you soon enough.
- It's time to stop.
- This is just the beginning.
Subtitles by DramaFever